---
layout: post
header-img: "img/fmn_mh_header.jpg"
title: "Emute Lab Research Fellow Post"
subheading: ""
categories: blog
tags: [MEML, jobs, research fellow]
author: Chris Kiefer
date: 2024-02-21
---

There is a new Research Fellow post, working with Chris Kiefer on his new AHRC 'Musically Embodied Machine Learning' project (more info on this later...)

The info for the post is here:

<a href="https://jobs.sussex.ac.uk/job/d9c1cb82-45cd-49f2-8642-0d8b49188e33">https://jobs.sussex.ac.uk/job/d9c1cb82-45cd-49f2-8642-0d8b49188e33</a>




This position is for a post-doctoral researcher on the AHRC funded project Musically Embodied Machine Learning (MEML), within the Department of Music.  The project is an investigation into the musically expressive potential of machine learning when embodied within physical musical instruments. 

 

It proposes `tuneable ML`, an approach to exploring the musicality of ML models, when they can be adjusted, personalised and remade, using a musical instrument as the interface. The project asks how instruments can be designed to make effective and musical use of embedded ML processes, and questions the implications for instrument designers and musicians when tunable ML processes are a fundamental driver of an instrument’s musical feel and musical behaviour. 

 

The role will encompass co-designing new musical instruments with practicing musicians, and evaluating the instruments through their experiences.   The project will offer opportunities for developing skills in creative artificial intelligence, musical instrument design (hardware and software) and participatory research methods.  There will be opportunities for publication, industry collaboration, conference and trade show attendance, and development and release of open source software and hardware.

 

The post is for 18 months, 0.5fte, and the work will be conducted on campus in Brighton. The candidate will become a member of the Experimental Music Technologies Lab, which represents a diverse group of researchers and practicing musicians at University of Sussex.

 

Please contact  Dr Chris Kiefer, c.kiefer@sussex.ac.uk for informal enquiries.

 









